[Tracer][.NET] Release 2.32.0 (#18609)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/dotnet-core.md

  <strong>Note:</strong> Datadog's automatic instrumentation relies on the .NET CLR Profiling API. This API allows only one subscriber (for example, Datadog's .NET Tracer with Profiler enabled). To ensure maximum visibility, run only one APM solution in your application environment.
</div>

<div class="alert alert-info">

>   To instrument trimmed apps, please include the <a href="https://www.nuget.org/packages/Datadog.Trace.Trimming/">Datadog.Trace.Trimming</a> in your project. Trimmed apps support is in beta for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To instrument trimmed apps, reference the <a href="https://www.nuget.org/packages/Datadog.Trace.Trimming/">Datadog.Trace.Trimming</a> NuGet package in your project. Trimmed apps support is currently in beta.
```

>   To instrument trimmed apps, reference the <a href="https://www.nuget.org/packages/Datadog.Trace.Trimming/">Datadog.Trace.Trimming</a> NuGet package in your project. Trimmed apps support is currently in beta.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To instrument trimmed apps, reference the <a href="https://www.nuget.org/packages/Datadog.Trace.Trimming/">Datadog.Trace.Trimming</a> NuGet package in your project. Support for trimmed apps is in beta.
```
